Add guidance for choosing between form and list views (#506)
nhsuk/nhsapp-frontend: docs/ios/forms.md

A form may contain several items, but the items do not change or get reordered, instead the user changes the values within them.

> This includes screens that look like a list, for example a set of toggle rows for a multiple-choice question. If the rows are fixed and not backed by data, use a form view.

Reviewer: Avoid starting a para with "This"?

```suggestion
Forms can include screens that look like a list, for example a set of toggle rows for a multiple-choice question. If the rows are fixed and not backed by data, use a form view.
```
